LYSANDER,
YOU CAN'T DO THIS!
WHAT ABOUT THE CURSE?
THE CENTAUR?
PLEASE. YOU'RE TOO
SMART TO BELIEVE
THAT FOOLISH FABLE.
I'M ALSO TOO SMART
TO FOLLOW YOU ANY FURTHER.
SUIT YOURSELF.
[SPLASHING IN WATER]
HA HA HA HA HA HA!
[GROWLING]
OH, NO--PLEASE!
NO! NO!
* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* WE'RE COMING AFTER YOU *
* WE'RE GONNA SOLVE
THAT MYSTERY *
* I SEE YOU, SCOOBY-DOO *
* THE TRAIL
LEADS BACK TO YOU *
* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* WE'RE GONNA FOLLOW YOU *
* YOU'RE GONNA SOLVE
THAT MYSTERY *
* WE SEE YOU, SCOOBY-DOO *
* WE'RE COMING AFTER YOU *
* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* DON'T LOOK BACK *
* YOU MAY FIND
ANOTHER CLUE *
* SCOOBY SNAX WILL BE
WAITING HERE FOR YOU *
* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* WE'RE COMING AFTER YOU *
* WE'RE GONNA SOLVE
THAT MYSTERY *
* I SEE YOU, SCOOBY-DOO *
* THE TRAIL
LEADS BACK TO YOU *
* WHAT'S NEW, SCOOBY-DOO? *
* NA-NA NA-NA NA *
* NA-NA NA NA NA-NA NA *
* NA-NA NA-NA NA
NA-NA NA-NA NA *
* WHAT'S NEW,
SCOOBY-DOO? *
THE BIRTHPLACE OF DEMOCRACY
AND EPIC LITERATURE
AND MATHEMATICS!
AND HUMMUS
AND FETA CHEESE,
AND GREEK SALAD.
[SPEAKING GREEK]
I'M NOT SURE
I WANT TO KNOW,
BUT...
WHAT'S HE SAYING?
WELL, LET ME CONSULT
MY TRUSTY PHRASE BOOK.
LET'S SEE...
IT SAYS HERE THAT...
HE'S GOT BIG LEAVES
IN HIS BOOTS.
NO, THAT CAN'T BE RIGHT.
[SPEAKING GREEK]
ZTNATHANATHAS. YEAH.
OH! HE'S WONDERING
IF HE CAN BORROW
OUR PACK MULE.
NO. OH, HERE IT IS!
HE'S SAYING "THE GREEK GODS
SHALL BRING CHAOS
INTO YOUR LIVES."
MAN, I READ THE BROCHURE,
AND NOWHERE DID IT TALK ABOUT
GETTING CURSED
BY THE LOCAL LOONIES!
[SPEAKING GREEK]
THIS MINIATURE PARTHENON
SURE WILL LOOK GOOD
IN MY THERMOMETERS
FROM AROUND THE WORLD
COLLECTION.
CLASSY.
THIS THING IS DANGEROUS.
YOU KNOW THE CENTAUR
WILL CONTINUE TO ATTACK US
AS LONG AS WE HAVE IT!
IT'S MINE!
GIVE IT BACK!
HEY, SCOOB,
CHECK IT OUT!
AH, WISE CHOICE,
MY FRIEND.
WISE CHOICE.
THAT IS ONE
POWERFUL AMULET.
POWERFUL? HA HA HA!
LIKE, TELL ME IT KEEPS
MONSTERS AWAY,
AND YOU'VE GOT A SALE.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT IT DOES!
IT IS AN ANCIENT
GREEK MEDALLION
THAT KEEPS AWAY
ALL KINDS OF MONSTERS!
WHOA! IMAGINE THE ODDS,
EH, SCOOB?
OH, BOY.
IT'S NOT HERE!
WHERE IS IT?
THE GOLD ONE...
WITH THE RUBY!
HA. IT IS JUST
A WORTHLESS TRINKET.
I HAVE MANY MORE.
THAT WAS NO TRINKET!
IT WAS REAL!
NOW, WHERE IS IT?
BUT...I--I SOLD IT...
TO HIM!
FRIENDS, COUNTRYMEN...
OH, NO!
MY PURSE IS MISSING!
DON'T YOU HAVE
A BUNCH OF THEM?
7 PURPLE, 3 GREEN,
A TOTALLY AWESOME
BURGUNDY.
BUT THAT WAS
THE ONLY ONE
I BROUGHT TO GREECE!
SO, LIKE, WHERE'S
THE CONCESSION GUY?
SHAGGY,
IT'S NOT A BALL PARK.
THIS IS THE ANCIENT
THEATER OF DIONYSUS
WHERE THE GREEK TRAGEDIES
WERE ORIGINALLY PERFORMED.
THEY DON'T HAVE--
FETA CHEESE
ON A STICK!
GET YOUR FETA RIGHT HERE!
WOW. DOES HE HAVE
ANY BAKLAVA?
LIKE, MAN, SCOOB,
THOSE ANCIENT GREEKS
WERE WAY AHEAD
OF THEIR TIME!
THIS IS BETTER THAN
THE MOVIES!
[ROARING]
WHO KNEW
THEY HAD SUCH GREAT
SPECIAL EFFECTS?
RRRRRR!
TALK ABOUT
INTERACTIVE!
THIS
MYTHOLOGICAL BEAST
LOOKS SO REAL!
IT'S CALLED A CENTAUR
AND, UH...
I THINK IT IS REAL.
WHAT MAKES YOU
SAY THAT?
AAH!
[ROAR]
WHAT ARE YOU
LOOKING FOR?
HOW TO SAY RUN
IN GREEK!
LIKE, THANKS, FRED.
BUT THAT'S ONE PHRASE
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
TRANSLATE!
Shaggy: GANGWAY!
JUST HANG IN THERE,
GUYS!
LIKE, EASY FOR HIM
TO SAY.
HEY. I ALMOST FORGOT
ABOUT MY LUCKY AMULET.
WOW! THIS AMULET
REALLY WORKS, SCOOB.
IT SAVED US
FROM THE MONSTER!
OH, RAGGY!
BETTER KEEP THIS THING
IN A SAFE PLACE.
WELL, GANG,
IT LOOKS LIKE...
[PANTING]
LOOKS LIKE WE'VE GOT
A MYSTERY...
ON OUR HANDS.
MAN, I GOTTA START
WORKING OUT.
MYSTERY? THAT OLD GUY
AT THE AIRPORT
PUT A CURSE ON US.
LIKE, WHAT'S THE MYSTERY?
WE'RE CURSED!
I DON'T BELIEVE
IN CURSES.
I SAY IT'S TIME
WE DO A LITTLE
RESEARCH...
AT THE HISTORICAL
SOCIETY OF ATHENS.
IT HAS THE BODY
OF A HORSE BUT
THE HEAD OF A MAN.
DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN HELP US,
MAJOR PORTSMITH?
IT'S PORTSMOUTH,
AND OF COURSE I CAN.
THERE'S A VERY
RATIONAL EXPLANATION
FOR ALL THIS.
SEE? I TOLD YOU.
THE MYTHOLOGICAL
CREATURES ARE REAL!
EXCUSE ME?
WHAT?
I'VE SPENT
MY ENTIRE CAREER
TRYING TO PROVE
THE MYTHS ARE REAL.
NO ONE WOULD BELIEVE ME.
NO ONE!
BUT NOW
THAT THERE'S BEEN
AN ACTUAL SIGHTING...
OH HO! THANK YOU, KIDS.
THANK YOU!
THIS IS WHAT I HAVE
BEEN WAITING
MY WHOLE LIFE TO HEAR!
DOES HE EVEN WORK
HERE?
WE HAVE TO START ASKING
FOR CREDENTIALS.
[YELLING IN GREEK]
ISN'T THAT
THE SCARY LOOKING GUY
FROM THE AIRPORT?
HE'S BACK
TO CURSE US AGAIN!
WELL, YOU HAVE TO ADMIRE
HIS DEDICATION.
[YELLING IN GREEK]
SERIOUSLY...
A GYM MEMBERSHIP.
FOR CHRISTMAS.
WRITE IT DOWN.
WOW! THE ANCIENT
ACROPOLIS!
THIS IS AMAZING!
HEY, SCOOB,
CHECK IT OUT.
PFFT!
[GIGGLING]
HA HA HA HA!
NOT SO TOUGH
WHEN YOU'RE MADE
OUT OF STONE, ARE YA?
LIKE, NOT NOW, SCOOB.
I'M ON A ROLL!
[WHIMPERING]
OH, HI.
[ROAR]
HA HA HA HA!
LIKE, THANKS, MAN.
YOU'RE A LIFESAVER.
NOW GIVE TO ME
WHAT I CAME FOR!
[FERRY HORN BLOWING]
ALRIGHT!
OH!
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
OH, NO!
FIRST THE SCARY CENTAUR,
NOW THE OLD MANIAC
MOPED GUY!
[YELLING]
UH-UH.
DON'T WORRY, GANG.
I'LL GET US
FIRST-CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS.
[BAA]
LOOKS LIKE THIS PLACE
COULD USE A DAPHNE DO-OVER.
SOME NEW DRAPES,
SOME THROW PILLOWS...
SOME DEODORIZER.
OH! I FORGOT!
I LOST MY PURSE!
SORRY, GUYS.
[BLEATS]
[CHOMP]
[MUFFLED YELL]
[YELLS] OW!
[ALL MOANING]
Velma: IT'S
THE ISLAND OF CRETE.
ANYPLACE
THAT'S CENTAUR-FREE
SOUNDS GOOD TO ME.
HEY! ISN'T THAT
MAJOR PORTSMITH
FROM THE HISTORICAL
SOCIETY?
IT'S PORTSMOUTH.
LET'S FOLLOW HIM
AND FIND OUT WHAT
HE'S UP TO.
GREAT. NOW WHAT
ARE WE GOING TO DO?
JUST LEAVE THAT TO ME
AND MY TRUSTY PHRASE BOOK.
ONE OF US HAS TO
STEAL THAT BOOK.
I'M SERIOUS.
HUH?
ZOINKS!
IT'S THE CENTAUR!
AH!
WOW!
THAT WAS AMAZING!
IT SURE WAS.
WE TRAPPED THE CENTAUR.
I MEANT THE BRAKES
ON THIS CAR!
KIDS!
OH, KIDS,
THERE YOU ARE.
HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
HAVE YOU SEEN
THE CENTAUR?
WE SURE HAVE.
IT'S TRAPPED
RIGHT OVER THERE!
INSIDE
THE MINOTAUR'S MAZE.
HA HA HA HA!
GOOD SHOW!
THE BEAST WILL NEVER
GET OUT OF THAT
TWISTING, TURNING TRAP.
SINCE WE'VE
TRAPPED THE CENTAUR,
I GUESS OUR WORK HERE
IS DONE, SCOOB.
TIME TO GO BACK
TO ATHENS AND SAMPLE
SOME HUMMUS.
REAH. HUMMUS.
NOT SO FAST,
YOU TWO.
WE NEED SOMEONE
TO GO INTO THE MAZE
AND FLUSH OUT
THAT CENTAUR.
HA HA HA!
LIKE, NO WAY.
SCOOB AND I
ARE NOT INTERESTED.
UH-UH. NO WAY.
OH, YEAH? WOULD YOU
DO IT FOR SOME--
OOPS! THE SCOOBY SNAX
ARE IN MY PURSE.
DO YOU GUYS TAKE IOUs?
DON'T WORRY,
SCOOB, OLD BUDDY.
I TIED A PIECE OF STRING
AT THE ENTRANCE
TO THE MAZE.
THAT WAY,
WHEN WE WANT OUT,
WE JUST FOLLOW IT BACK,
SEE?
LIKE...[GULP] HA HA!
THE STRING'S
BEEN CUT.
UH-OH.
WELL...DOES THAT
WHITE STONE
TOTALLY PLAIN WALL
LOOK FAMILIAR TO YOU?
NO.
YEAH.
LIKE, ME NEITHER.
WE'RE LOST!
WE'RE LOST, SCOOB,
LOST IN
THE MINOTAUR'S MAZE!
LIKE, THANKS, MAN.
THE CENTAUR!
RUN FOR IT!
OH, NO! IT SOUNDS LIKE
SHAGGY AND SCOOBY
ARE IN TROUBLE.
IT MAKES SENSE
THAT WE'RE IN
ANCIENT GREECE, SCOOB.
'CAUSE WE ARE ABOUT
TO BE HISTORY!
COME ON, LUCKY AMULET,
DO YOUR THING!
[ROARS]
I DON'T BELIEVE IT!
MY LUCKY AMULET
SAVED US AGAIN!
HAH!
[ROARS]
LIKE, HEY, HAVE YOU
COME TO SAVE US AGAIN?
'CAUSE, MAN, A MAP OF
THIS PLACE WOULD BE
PRETTY SWEET
RIGHT ABOUT NOW.
I'VE COME
FOR WHAT IS MINE!
GET YOUR OWN
LUCKY AMULET!
GET READY.
I THINK I HEAR
SOMEONE COMING!
WE GOT HIM!
[THUNDERING HOOFBEATS]
WE DON'T GOT HIM.
WHAT HAPPENED?
DID YOU SEE THE CENTAUR?
NO. THE HOOF-MARKS
ON MY BACK ARE
A FASHION STATEMENT.
OH, BLAST IT ALL!
I WAS GUARDING
THE BACK EXIT
AND I MISSED IT!
OH! MY LIFE'S DREAM!
WHEN WILL IT HAPPEN?
WHEN?!
EVER NOTICE THAT THE GOOD
MAJOR IS NEVER AROUND
WHEN THE CENTAUR APPEARS?
AND YOU WOULD BE?
I AM LYSANDER DEMAS,
THE RIGHTFUL OWNER
OF THAT AMULET.
MY LUCKY AMULET?
LIKE, NO WAY, MAN!
YOU HAVE A LUCKY
AMULET, SHAGGY?
LUCKY? OH, NO,
MY RUMPLED YOUNG FRIEND.
THIS IS NOT LUCKY AT ALL.
THIS IS THE AMULET
OF THE CENTAUR.
IT DOESN'T PROTECT YOU!
IN FACT,
IT ATTRACTS THE BEAST!
SO THAT'S WHY THAT
MYTHOLOGICAL MONSTER'S
BEEN CHASING US!
BUT IF THE AMULET
ATTRACTS THE CENTAUR,
THEN WHY ARE YOU
TRYING TO GET IT?
BECAUSE. YOU SEE THOSE
MARKINGS ON THE SIDE?
IF YOU TAKE THIS AMULET
TO THE TEMPLE OF LIGHT
ON SANTORINI,
IT WILL SHOW YOU THE WAY.
THE WAY TO WHERE?
TO THE LOST CITY
OF ATLANTIS.
MAN, SANTORINI
SURE IS PRETTY,
BUT, WHEW!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
IT'S THIS HOT,
ESPECIALLY AT NIGHT.
AIEEE!
LIKE, IT'S
THE CENTAUR! RUN!
[ROARS]
LIKE, IT'S THE OLD,
MANIAC MOPED GUY! RUN!
THAT WAY!
[YELLING IN GREEK]
LIKE, FINE, YOU CURSED US.
WE GET IT ALREADY.
HE'S NOT CURSING YOU.
HE'S TRYING TO RETURN
YOUR PURSE!
All: WHAT?!
WOW! MY PURSE!
HERE'S THE PROBLEM.
IN MY PHRASE BOOK,
"THE GREEK GODS SHALL
BRING CHAOS TO YOUR LIVES,"
IS RIGHT UNDER, "I'M TRYING
TO RETURN YOUR PURSE."
HEH!
OOH, MY BAD.
FREDDY, HOW DO YOU
SAY "THANK YOU"
IN GREEK?
WHY DON'T WE ASK MR. DEMAS
TO TRANSLATE FOR US?
NO. I'M AFRAID
THERE ISN'T TIME.
WE HAVE TO REACH
THE TEMPLE OF LIGHT
WHILE THE MOON
IS STILL OUT.
OKAY. NOW WHAT?
THERE!
[ALL GASP]
Velma: THERE!
THE ENTRANCE TO
ATLANTIS MUST BE
ON THAT ISLAND.
IT'S HERE, IT'S HERE!
PRETTY EXCITING,
HUH, MAJOR?
MAJOR?! NOW,
WHERE DID HE G--
AAH!
WE'VE GOT TO
DO SOMETHING
TO GET PAST THIS
RAMPAGING RODEO REJECT!
WELL, HAVING MY PURSE
BACK MEANS THAT I ALSO
HAVE MY MAKEUP KIT.
[CACKLES]
[BELLOWS]
WHOOOOH!
RAAAAH!
THE CENTAUR CRASHED
THROUGH THE DOOR
TO ATLANTIS!
BUT, LIKE, HEY,
THERE'S NOTHING THERE!
NO WAY! WELL, I GUESS
THE MYSTERY OF ATLANTIS
WILL ALWAYS BE JUST THAT--
A MYSTERY.
BUT WE STILL
HAVEN'T FOUND OUT
WHO'S BEHIND THE MASK
OF THIS MENACING MYTH!
THAT'S EASY. THIS CAN
ONLY BE ONE PERSON--
THE ONLY PERSON WHO
WAS CONVENIENTLY ABSENT
WHENEVER
THE CENTAUR ATTACKED--
MAJOR PORTSMOUTH.
WHAT? WHO'S THIS?
WE HAVEN'T EVEN MET HER!
WE DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHO SHE IS!
SHE'S MY ASSISTANT
SUSIE SMYTHE.
AND HOW
WAS I SUPPOSED TO
KNOW THAT?
NO WAY. FOUL! THIS
ONE DOES NOT COUNT.
BUT WHY DID YOU DO THIS?
BECAUSE THE ENTRANCE
TO ATLANTIS WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE MY DISCOVERY.
I WOULD HAVE BEEN
FAMOUS IF IT WEREN'T
FOR YOU MEDDLING KIDS!
WELL, I THINK YOU'LL
BE QUITE FAMOUS--WITH
THE GREEK AUTHORITIES.
[PANTS] SORRY.
I WAS JUST AT THE BOAT,
GETTING MY CAMERA.
DID I MISS ANY--OH!
OH, MY!
I KNEW IT! I KNEW IT!
IT'S REAL!
IT'S ALL REAL!
[LAUGHS] OH,
THE WONDER OF IT ALL!
HA HA HA HA!
YOU THINK
WE SHOULD TELL HIM?
NAH.
BUT THIS ISN'T FAIR.
I'M NEVER WRONG!
I MEAN, SURE,
IF I'D SEEN HER,
I WOULD HAVE FIGURED
IT OUT, BUT I DIDN'T!
HEY, WHERE DID
SCOOBY GO?
[GROWLS]
SCOOBY...
DOOBY...
DOO!
YIII!